Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Anni. where's brother?
- He's in the backyard.
- In class?
One.
two.
three.
four.
five…
- What?
- Brother.
I'm going to Parry's Corner
to restock medicines.
Can you watch the shop
until I get back?
- Will do. Go ahead.
- Okay. brother.
Also. we made a list of
the out-of-stock tablets. right?
- Make sure nothing's missing.
- Okay.
Go on.
- Handle the class for a bit.
- Okay. Master.
Mom…
- Rohan from next door hit me!
- Nila!
Who started it. dear?
He did.
Then what are your hands for?
Hit him back!
Hey. come on!
Rohan!
Oh. back for more already?
Mom!
Rohan kicked me. Mom!
Nila.
Let me see.
Oh. my!
Come here.
Do you know something?
It was Rohan today.
It could be someone else tomorrow.
There'll be others too.
They'll just keep coming.
Mom and Dad won't
always be with you.
You need to learn how to protect yourself.
In that case.
I want to learn karate too.
Really?
Yes.
You tried to measure her beauty
But she's fire. burning bright.
Who is she
Lighting up the sky like a star?
Shut her behind doors.
She'll break them all
Rising like a fire.
- Who is she?
- Nila!
- Watch her action!
- Wow! A teddy!
Her eyes cut deep like waves in motion.
You're all dead!
Stand as her opponent
One strike will end the fight.
She walks in strong among the many.
Watch her win a thousand times
Just watch.
She's the face
Of strength and splendor.
She's got no limits
She stands a queen tonight.
Rohan!
What?
Nila.
if it breaks.
how will we watch TV?
Be gentle with the remote. okay?
Uncle.
What's that medicine for?
- That's for cough.
- What about that?
- It's a tonic for stomach aches.
- Oh.
- And this?
- Which...
To make people cough.
It's mine.
so don't tell your dad.
Look how badly she beat my son.
You're only supposed to fight
during a match. not outside.
Got it?
No one should mess with you
just because you're a girl.
Okay?
She hit him again for snitching on her.
Times will change
And break your pride down.
Stopping her is stopping yourself.
She's a hero. feel her power.
In her rise. you fade to zero.
How many times should I call you?
Come out and eat now!
What's my darling doing?
Had dinner?
- Can't sleep?
- Yes. I can't.
I lost the match.
But this is your last time.
You won't lose again.
- You'll see for yourself.
- How?
I'll tell you.
I've competed in 34 tournaments so far.
I lost only one.
That night.
I couldn't sleep.
I couldn't stop thinking about it.
It drove me crazy.
It wasn't the loss.
It was the need to never relive that night
that drove me to fight.
After that. I never lost again.
You're just like me. aren't you?
From now on. you'll only win.
She walks in strong among the many.
Watch her win a thousand times
Just watch.
She's the face
Of strength and splendor.
She's got no limits
She stands a queen tonight.
Uncle…
Dad taught me karate.
So who taught him?
Your grandpa.
Dad's dad?
Your mother's dad.
Out of 34 tournaments.
he said he lost only one. right?
Yeah.
Do you know who beat him?
Your mother.
My mother?!
HOTEL BALAMURUGAN.
What do you guys want?
Ask them what they've got.
Hey.
- Pack some extra sambar.
- Okay.
Remember Bhaskar? He tipped off
the cops about our bootlegging spot.
That's his son. right?
- That's him!
- Son!
Come here.
Tell me. bro?
His dad will be terrified seeing
his son come home covered in blood.
Punch him hard in the face!
Bro. please.
Let me go. bro.
Brother…
Oh look. the hero's here!
Hey. stop pinching me. man.
Just let it go.
It hurts!
Oh. God! It hurts!
Hey. let go of my hand.
- Let go. man!
- I'll let go only if the boy tells me to.
My hand!
Let go. man!
Let it go!
Let go!
I'll never cross you.
Tell him to let go. son.
It hurts. man.
Please tell him to let go.
Poor guy.
Let him go. brother.
It hurts. man!
Superb!
Dad. do you know that boy
from the hotel?
No. dear.
Then why did you
fight for him. Dad?
Nila…
I had a younger sister.
I was about ten then.
I adored her.
Something terrible
happened to her.
People just stood there.
saying nothing.
If even one person had spoken up.
my sister would still be with us today.
Her name was Nila.
You were named after her.
Nila…
If something happened to your mom
or me right in front of you.
what would you do?
I won't let it slide.
Good.
But
you don't have to know the victim
to stand up for them.
Every injustice must be confronted!
That's when our lives gain meaning.
My wife said you waited a long time
before leaving.
I just came home.
Tell me. ma'am.
Sir. my husband drove a cycle rickshaw.
saved every little bit.
and bought that land
near the rickshaw stand.
Before he passed.
he told me to sell the land
for our daughter's wedding.
After his death.
Sundaram's men forged the papers
and claimed the land as theirs.
They are threatening
to kill my daughter
if I don't give them the
original documents tonight.
I'm heading to their place
with the original documents.
Can you please talk to them?
I'm scared they'll hurt my daughter
if I go to the police.
Ma'am.
I understand your pain.
But they are Sundaram's men.
If it were someone else.
I could've helped you.
They just want the documents
to leave you alone. right?
Just give it to them.
and consider them gone for good.
They are ruthless monsters.
Sundaram promised me ten percent
if this land issue is solved.
And this old lady wants me
to talk for her!
Pathetic!
Those for Purasaiwakkam. get down.
Check who's out there!
Move!
No one's there. bro.
Hey. who hit you. man?
Me?
Where are the forged land papers?
Hey. bring those documents. man.
Ask him to tear it.
Do it. man.
Don't you dare target the helpless.
thinking they have no one.
If you do. remember this pain.
Go home. ma'am.
They won't mess with you again.
You did this for me?
Do you know me?
HORRIFIC FACTORY ACCIDENT
47 WORKERS KILLED IN BLAZE
In the explosion
at the Saadhuri chemical factory.
47 workers lost their lives.
The government has declared
the premises unfit for habitation.
I found out that
this was a planned accident.
A private mineral company has now
leased the land for a coal mining project.
The company behind this incident is.
Textas Minerals Private Limited.
There's more.
In Tamil Nadu. most of the projects
undertaken by Textas Minerals Company
over the last five years
have had similar incidents.
All these incidents cannot be accidents.
I figured out that
if they wanted a place for mining.
they would do anything to get it.
Everyone's plots are being traded.
An entire village has vanished!
What's the secret behind
the death of 1.000 elephants?
WHAT CAUSED THE DEATHS OF 1.000 ELEPHANTS?
There's one man behind
this heartless group of killers.
Varun Dayalan.
The company's next target…
So far. we've mined
thousands of stones and diamonds in India.
But this Black Opal
is far more valuable.
There's a huge demand for this
in the world market.
Here. in Keelakadu village.
1.500 feet below this location.
our research team has found
a huge Black Opal rock.
It's about 150 feet long
and 130 feet wide.
Its current market worth
is more than 70 billion.
Keelakadu.
Approximately 800 families.
It's a small tribal village.
home to families for generations.
Farming is the only occupation they know.
Their hills and forests are their Gods.
They are everything to them.
I found out that.
for the last five years.
Varun Dayalan's research team
has been searching for a very rare mineral
in those hills.
Even if we get the permission to mine.
we've got two problems to face.
What are they?
When we drill below 1.500 feet.
the pressure and vibration
will cause a huge landslide.
The entire Keelakadu village
will get submerged in that avalanche.
More than 1.300 people might die.
So. the government will not
grant us permission to mine the place.
And our second threat is Karthikeyan.
He's a social environmentalist.
We've got intel that
he's analyzing all our projects.
He's collecting data about all our
previous projects
from various sources. sir.
So. we have to handle him. too.
to start our next project. sir.
Mom. I'm getting late!
Dear. do you know something?
Women might
love their husbands a lot.
But after having a child.
half their love shifts to the child.
For men. love for their wives
grows tenfold after a child.
Why are you blabbering now?
You got the first dosa.
That's why he's lamenting now.
But your mom's different.
She's special!
First day of work?
- Yes. Uncle.
- Alright.
- Had breakfast?
- I'll have it later.
Your office is in Egmore. right?
How are you planning to travel?
The cab will pick me up. Uncle.
Okay. okay. Be careful.
Hello. sir.
- Hello.
- New recruit.
Nila? Okay.
Rakesh.
Sir?
She's a fresher.
Explain the entire procedure to her.
Why isn't patient Krishnakumar's
account closed yet?
We're processing.
We'll credit it in two days.
Thank you.
Breathe!
Three!
Four!
Change the TV. Uncle.
I'm getting a headache
from all these lines.
We just changed the fridge.
There's no hurry.
We'll change it later.
The business is good. right?
What are you going to do
with all the money?
About that…
I'll buy a house…
I'll shift there.
I'll escape from your nagging.
That's why I'm saving up.
Great idea. Uncle.
Invite me to the housewarming.
I'll smack you.
This TV's good for the next ten years.
Just don't break the remote.
It'd have been easier
if we had drained the water earlier.
- Just be careful.
- Sure. sir.
Bro.
will a single bathroom do?
That'll do.
We've got two bathrooms inside.
More students have joined.
That's why I'm building one here.
Okay. brother.
Tell us if you've got
something else to be fixed.
We'll get it done.
- For sure.
- Thanks. bro.
Yes. sir?
Some idiot broke
into the go down and ran off
with the seized half kilo of marijuana.
If the inspector learns about this.
I'm dead.
I have to produce the seized material
in court on Monday morning.
Can you do something?
Sir. it'll take two days
for me to arrange something.
Pandi. you know very well.
I've done so much for you.
Sir. I said I don't have the stuff.
I never said I couldn't arrange it.
A guy's brought some stuff
into Ayanavaram.
Tell him that I sent you.
He'll definitely help you.
Alright. Give me his details.
I'll talk to him.
- Reached the station?
- Yeah. dear.
I came straight to the station
from the court.
I'll finish my duty.
and I'll be home tomorrow morning.
- I'll call you later.
- Alright.
- Dear. hang on a minute.
- What is it?
It's Harish's PTM tomorrow.
Don't hurt him again as you did
on Sports Day by not coming.
We are going together tomorrow.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Sir.
- Hello. sir.
- Sir.
Sir. based on the complaint we received.
we've got the guy who broke in
and harassed a girl in Shenoy Nagar.
Should we put him in a cast. sir?
It's you?
When a girl adjusts her dress
even if we just turn her way.
we start worrying
if she thinks we're creeps.
But how can you guys do this
without an ounce of shame?
Saami.
- Hold his hand.
- Sir… please.
- Please. sir. Please!
- Quit resisting!
Sir. sir…
Oh. God!
Sir. please let me go. sir.
I beg you.
How dare you touch women?
I'll show you.
Sir. please don't.
I beg you. sir.
- Sir. I won't do it again.
- Hold his hand.
I won't do it again. sir.
I swear...
Sir!
Sir. please! Let me go!
Don't do this. sir!
Hey!
The food is bland as hell!
How many times should I ask you
to add salt while cooking?
It's just there.
Can't you add it yourself?
I'm asking you to cook properly.
and you want me to add it?
He's starting it again.
Hey!
I asked you to come here.
Why do you keep shouting?
I keep shouting?
Hey!
What the hell did you say?
I keep shouting?
Hit me.
Hit me harder.
Just kill me.
You want me to add the salt?
You've become brazen enough
to talk back to me?
You didn't see me for a day.
and you grew bolder?
What?
I grew bolder?!
Right. Talk more.
You got arrested and sat
comfortably behind bars
while my kids and I were
fighting for our lives.
Now you're complaining about
the salt in the food?
We haven't paid rent
in six months. Do you know that?
Do you even have the means
to pay the rent?
Hey. I'm warning you.
Warning me?
For what?
The landlord will show up tomorrow
and humiliate us.
Be a man. Pay him first.
then yell at me.
You can't even take care
of your family.
And you want salt in your food?
Hello?
How long will you take
to attend a call?
Why are you pissed now?
What happened?
I'm pissed?!
Apparently. I can touch her
only if I earn money.
I'll bring the money
and show her who I am.
Yes. man.
These women respect us
only if we show them the money.
Forget it. man.
Our good days are coming soon.
- Hey…
- Yeah?
You said you'd get me
into Kirubakaran's gang.
Did you talk to him?
Hey…
I had a word with him yesterday.
He wanted to see you.
I'll call you when I go there.
Come with me. Alright?
Nila?
They've asked you
to use the system over there.
Why? What's wrong with this one?
I don't know.
The TL asked you to use that one.
Come on.
Oh… Okay.
Kayal.
Sir asked you
to use Nila's system.
We can't clear those people
from there.
They will not listen.
They'll protest to stop the mining.
If it reaches that stage.
I won't be able to help you.
So it's better to keep this a secret.
How many feet did you say?
One thousand five hundred.
I can grant you permission
to mine up to 300 feet without issue.
So. I'll give you approval for 300 feet.
You can dig as deep as you like.
Even if the village gets destroyed.
I'll make sure your company stays
out of that mess.
So. how much is the project value?
Seventy billion. sir.
Seventy billion?!
Transfer 15 percent. ten billion.
into my trust as legitimate funds.
Ten billion?!
You won't even give
ten billion for 1.300 lives?
Also. this is a very risky business.
Even if I get caught in the future.
the sum should make up for it.
Don't you think?
Call our accountant. Girish.
Excuse me. sir.
-Girish.
-Sir.
How much money do we have
in our company account?
Give me a second. sir.
I'll check that.
Sir. 7.26 billion.
Sell all our main shares.
Take out all our black money.
- We need to close this deal.
- Okay. sir.
I want to talk to Abraham.
Call him.
Hello?
Move ten billion into a trust account
as legitimate funds.
This money is for a very important deal.
I can't think of anyone better
to handle this.
That's why I called you.
It'll be done.
I want to talk to Kirubakaran.
I got rid of the bodies. bro.
The police won't find any evidence.
There's no problem here.
- Yes. Varun?
- Someone needs to be taken care of.
This is important.
That's why I'm calling you
instead of giving it to my guys.
There's this social environmentalist.
Name's Karthikeyan.
I'll send you his details.
Okay.
Where's my brother?
He's inside.
Brother. you asked for me?
Varun called.
He wants someone gone.
Mani has the details.
- Get it done.
- I'll do it. bro. See you.
If I walk with pain
Knowing roads may burn
I won't turn around.
If my heart breaks now
Just to heal someday.
That pain feels profound
Diya. tomorrow's my birthday.
I'm cutting my birthday cake
in the evening.
My mom asked me
to invite my friends.
- Will you come over?
- Sure. I'll come.
And you?
Will you please come?
Whatever storms are waiting out there
Let them come for me.
I'm done fighting fate
I'll drown before I flee.
Dad. my friends said
they're coming over for my birthday.
Really?
- Let's get a bigger cake.
- Okay.
I want everything. let it fall.
I am torn. still I crawl.
Still I crawl.
You can leave.
I'll take care of it.
I want everything.
I am torn. still I crawl.
Time is gone
And it's ripping out my heart.
Whatever storms are waiting out there
Let them come for me.
I'm done fighting fate
I'll drown before I flee.
It's all there. I counted it.
I want everything.
Let it fall. I am torn.
Still I crawl.
I want everything.
Let it fall. I am torn.
Take this 100-rupee note to Dubai.
Deliver it to Justak Villa.
Street 14. Shihar. Dubai.
They'll transfer the ten billion as
legitimate funds into the trust account.
What about their contact details?
I only deal with the mediator.
The money will reach
the main dealer's account today.
Nobody has the main dealer's
contact information.
If you present the note
with the matching serial number.
the money will be transferred
to your trust account.
Sir. six months ago.
Karthikeyan got us arrested
for smuggling sand from the lake.
To get revenge. we killed him.
his wife. and his daughter.
We knew we'd get caught.
so we are surrendering.
- Why are you all here?
- Move! Give way!
- Hello. sir. Hello. ma'am.
- Hi. brother.
- Let's go. brother.
- Hey. stop! Stop!
I moved. so I'll be taking
this cab from now on.
Okay. sir. Get in.
You joined just a month ago. right?
- How much is your salary?
- Thirty thousand. sir.
Thirty thousand?
It's too low. right?
Don't worry.
I'll make sure you get
a promotion soon.
Here. your hard work doesn't matter.
My reports to the higher-ups
about your hard work…
That's important.
Brother. pull over. please.
Nila?
Brother. unlock the door.
How will you go home
alone at this hour?
There are no buses on this route either.
But I'm not the one
getting down. brother.
Open the door!
Open the door. man!
Unlock the door!
Do it. now!
Let's go. brother.
I can't drop him off just anywhere
without permission.
I'll check with him.
Sir. are you coming with us.
- or should I leave?
- No!
I'll find my way.
- You guys can leave.
- Thank you. sir.
Do you want it
in big pieces or small ones?
Cut it however you like.
- You started?
- Yes.
I'm visiting Thirunageswaram as well.
I'll be back in two days.
Be careful.
Okay.
Don't close the shop.
- Take turns and look after it.
- I'll take care of it.
- Nila left for work?
- Yeah.
God! He's pounded the carrots!
Dear.
Nila has a marriage proposal.
The groom is working in NLC.
They're related to us.
They saw Nila
in Geetha's photo album.
They're asking
if they can see her in person.
Hey…
She just got a job.
These days. even if women get married.
they should be bold enough and
trust themselves to live independently.
Only an income will
give them the confidence.
Let her work for some time.
What's the hurry?
God! Stop with your
boring philosophy class.
I care about her too.
Just like you.
Only if we start now
will we get a suitable groom for her.
It's not like
we're marrying her off tomorrow.
Look.
Nila. you. and I.
even if one of us doesn't like him.
let's call this off.
Happy?
No.
It's not you. me. and her.
Only Nila's opinion matters here.
If she's okay with him.
we'll proceed.
Okay.
Only if she's okay with him.
Happy?
If the boy's family asks around.
they should only hear
good things about her.
So. please.
Stop pouring oil
into that blazing fire.
Or she might hit someone
without a thought.
If she keeps inviting problems like these.
we might as well forget her wedding.
Let her learn to be patient
and considerate from now on.
Okay.
Weekly reports. bro.
Looks like you sprained your neck
working last night.
It's nothing like that.
Stop your drama. bro.
I saw you last night.
What did you see?
I saw the dancing car.
Your car stopped midway on your route.
Our cab crossed yours.
Your cab was shaking vigorously.
How did you pull her
in just a week?
Oh. that?
Yeah.
She's easy.
You just have to go talk to her.
Why don't you try it out?
Really?
- Yeah.
- The moment I saw her. I knew
she was a wild one.
Wow!
You've got a sharp eye for baddies.
just like me.
- Hi. Nila.
- Hi.
- Hello.
That was superb. Nila.
Superb?
What's up. bro?
Even your car was dancing?
Yeah. bro.
Superb. Nila.
The cab driver told me about it.
Please. sir.
Don't rat me out.
Sir. drink and drive.
Fine him and take the bike to the station.
I only drank a little. sir.
Just let this slide. sir. Please.
Sir. sorry. sir.
Please. don't do this. Sir…
- Constable!
- Sir!
Son. you can keep begging him.
- Constable.
- Sir?
After he's done begging.
tell him to take a rickshaw home.
- Hey. come on.
- Sir. please.
It's my dad's bike. sir.
He'll kill me if I go home
without the bike.
- I...
- You!
Didn't you hear him?
Come to the station in the morning.
Now. leave.
Sir. I drank today for the first time.
It's my birthday.
and my friends compelled me. sir.
My house is just around the corner. sir.
Sir. please.
- I swear I won't drink and drive. sir.
- Constable.
- Sir.
- Get his license
- and check his date of birth.
- Give me your license.
What's your name?
Saravana. sir.
Sir. he's telling the truth.
Alright. Just collect the fine.
Let him take the bike.
Sir!
Don't give him the bike.
- Sir. please.
- They'll learn only when they get caught.
Sir. please. sir.
Leave. man.
- Get lost.
- Thank you. sir.
Here. Go on.
Hey. go.
- Hey!
- What happened?
- Hey. move.
- Make way.
- Make way!
- Hey!
Hey!
Sir. he's breathing.
Get the car. Quick!
That CCTV would've
recorded everything. sir.
If anything happens to him.
they'll blame us.
I told you. sir.
I told you not to give him the bike.
We need to get him out before
the police identify him.
When the car hit the transformer.
his head hit the steering wheel hard.
That's why he went unconscious.
He'll take a while to wake up.
But you need not worry.
I've done a complete check-up.
He's safe.
- Hey. keep moving.
- Get up. Be careful.
- Move!
- Get out of here.
- Go!
- Leave.
Sir.
they're looking at him.
I think they're here to kill him.
Hey. go.
- Hey!
- Don't harm him. No!
They're not here to kill him.
They're here to take him away.
Hey. he's just threatening us.
Go.
Hey.
There are 20 of us.
How many can you take down
with six bullets?
Even if you do.
you think the rest will let you go?
Hey. go get him!
Hey. wait. man!
Don't do anything to him.
- Bro. stop.
- Hey. leave me. man!
- If something happens to him…
- Just go!
Hey. come on! Let's go!
Hey. Jeeva!
We will deal with him later.
Guys. just get out of here.
Listen to me.
Let's go.
With all these men here for him.
he's up to something big.
Take control of the hospital
until he wakes up.
- Sir.
- I'll try to find out who he is.
- Okay. sir.
- Tell me as soon as he wakes up.
It's an important transaction.
Only he can complete it.
He shouldn't be under
police watch anymore.
Send as many men as you want.
They have to get him out!
- Sir.
- I'll send you a photo.
Forward it to all the stations.
- Check for history and criminal records.
- Yes. sir.
We're informing you because
she's from your area.
Don't be hasty. Sundaram.
I know them very well.
Sundaram's got murder charges.
And she's hit him and his men.
They were hell-bent on taking revenge.
Thankfully. I came to know about this.
I sorted it out this time.
But I can't keep doing this all the time.
Ask your daughter to control her temper.
I don't understand.
How do you keep attracting trouble
wherever you go?
- Mom. it's not...
- How many times do I have to tell you
not to hit people?
Should I keep following you around?
Hey. did you ask whose fault it was?
You! Just shut up!
I don't want you to talk today.
Are you mocking me?
I did what you said.
and I'm still getting scolded?
It's all because of you.
You're the reason she's so rebellious.
You'll understand only if she
gets into serious trouble.
Who?
My daughter in trouble?
Listen to me.
If I hear one more complaint
that you hit someone.
do not come in front of me again.
The dad or the daughter?
Who do I deal with here?
Nila.
Yeah!
Hello?
Sir…
Sir. take a look at this.
How many were there?
Sir.
No one came. sir.
Hey. look!
He opened his eyes.
- Inform the officer that he's awake.
- Okay.
I don't talk much my entry is loud.
Shadows move back
When I walk through crowds.
Cold in my eyes. rage in control.
One step deep
Yeah. I take your soul.
No hero mask. no saving role.
Straight villain mode
Heart made of stone.
My silence hits harder
Than words you scream.
When I step in frame
Whole city freeze
I don't speak. I make endings
I don't smile. I leave bodies.
Silent moves. deadly timing
One step forward. war's decided
I don't speak. I make endings
I don't smile. I leave bodies.
Silent moves. deadly timing
One step forward. war's decided.
Hey. run!
- Hurry!
- Run!
No warning given. no second chance
Time runs out when I advance.
Long my shadow. fear my rule
Enemies crumble. I stay cool.
Stand against me. fate makes me
No path left just empty space.
When I walk in. heroes reflow
Even the beat drops. heartbeat low.
I don't talk much. my entry is loud.
Shadows move back
When I walk through crowds.
Cold in my eyes. rage in control.
One step deep
Yeah. I take your soul.
No hero mask. no saving role.
Straight villain mode
Heart made of stone.
My silence hits harder
Than words you scream.
When I step in frame
Whole city freeze
I don't speak. I make endings
I don't smile. I leave bodies.
Silent moves. deadly timing
One step forward. war's decided
I don't speak. I make endings
I don't smile. I leave bodies.
Silent moves. deadly timing
One step forward. war's decided.
No warning given. no second chance
Time runs out when I advance.
Long my shadow. fear my rule
Enemies crumble. I stay cool.
The police are looking for you
everywhere.
Right now. this is where
you'll be safe.
I want to talk to Varun.
I've got the 100-rupee note with me.
Just arrange a private jet to Dubai.
I'll stay here until then.
- Just be ready.
- Okay.
Nila.
Nila?
Don't feel bad that I'm shouting at you.
Your dad
might want you to
be brave and strong.
But for me.
I just want my daughter
to be happy and peaceful.
You have to change yourself a little.
You just have to understand one thing.
There's no problem we can't solve
by talking it out.
At least for my sake.
don't fight with anyone.
Think of it as my request.
Okay. Mom.
Hey. what if he refuses?
I'll take care of it.
Just come with me.
-Hello. brother.
-What's up. Kicha?
Remember my friend who wanted
to join our gang?
- Yeah.
- It's him.
- Hello. brother.
- I see.
- Brother's in a meeting.
- Okay.
Wait here.
He'll be here soon.
Come. buddy.
We'll wait over there.
Still. a bullet wound
is not an ordinary issue.
If it gets infected.
we'll have to amputate your leg.
You also said you strained your leg.
If a nerve happens to get damaged.
your leg might get paralyzed.
Alright. I'll write you
some tablets.
Take them for a week.
Else. you'll definitely
end up in a big problem.
This tablet is meant for
post-bullet wound treatment.
So. you won't get this
without a prescription.
I'll take care of it.
Just tell me the tablet's name.
Okay.
Get me these tablets immediately.
If they ask for a prescription.
ask the guys to show this.
- Shiva.
- Bro?
- Where's Mani?
- He's downstairs.
- Mani!
- Bro?
- Come up.
- Coming!
One minute.
Send someone new.
It's for your safety.
Hey. wait.
Hey.
who's the new guy?
Bro. he's my friend.
I told you about my friend
who wanted to join our gang. right?
- It's him.
- Bro.
Shiva.
how's he?
Can he get things done?
We don't even know him.
Send him upstairs.
Hello. brother.
- What's your name?
- Toby.
Kicha said you got out of prison
just two days ago.
What did you do?
A chain-snatching case. bro.
I did it properly and came home.
Even the police couldn't find out
who did it.
Two weeks later.
once things cooled down.
I sold it to a pawnbroker.
But that moron ratted me out.
They'll only fear us
if we beat them up a bit.
As soon as I got released. I…
Brother. forgive me.
I won't do it again. bro.
Please don't hurt me.
God! Let me go. man.
Please. brother. I'm sorry.
- Call the police now.
- Brother. no. Don't!
I have work for you.
Will you do it?
Here.
Go to a pharmacy
and get me this medicine.
Nila.
Dad's in the shop.
I'll go and send him to eat.
Take care of the house.
Alright. Mom.
- Mom!
- Yes?
What is it?
You stay.
I'll go.
If they ask for a prescription.
show this to them.
Here you go. Dad.
I'll call you later. Bye.
Yes. sir?
What do you want?
Sir. we can't give these medicines
without a prescription.
Yeah. they told me.
Still need a prescription?
MOM
Be a man. Pay him first.
then yell at me.
Take off your chain.
I won't.
What was that?
Do as I say.
I won't.
You've got some nerve!
Say that to my face again!
I won't…
Go ask around about me
Keep your pressure in check.
Just say goodbye
To your folks already.
There she stands Your boss!
Bring your men
I'll make them run for their lives.
Think you are the GOAT?
Be ready for a slaughter.
Don't you dare. don't you dare
I'm lava. I'll burn you.
Better be silent.
You better take a U-turn
Save your life and better run.
Don't let me catch you
I'll show you hell
I may look like an angel
To you I'm the devil.
Ten fingers are razor sharp
I'll shred you to pieces.
Came from the underground.
Fear never ever. son.
I'm a monster here to eat you
Better be careful.
Sir. I checked every record.
There's no record of him.
We haven't received any replies
to our faxes yet.
It's been three hours
since the incident.
and you want me to declare
we couldn't even find his name?
- Ask them to speed up.
- Okay. sir.
- Hello?
- Hello. sir?
Yes. this is S1 Police Station.
Perambur.
Sir. we caught a guy
who tried to snatch a chain.
- Can you come quickly?
- Where exactly?
At Ilango Medicals near Sivan Park.
Can you please hurry. sir?
We'll be there.
Hurry up. we've got a case.
We need to file a police report.
Bring someone with you to the station.
Okay. sir. My dad will take some time
to get there. I'll come with him.
Alright.
We'll take him to the hospital
in the meantime.
Come to the station when you can.
- Okay. sir.
- What are you doing here?
Clear the place. everybody!
Let's leave.
Sir. we've blocked all checkpoints.
There's no chance he left Chennai.
Give me an hour's time.
and I'll scour thoroughly.
Kicha. ring him up again.
The boss wants to know.
Bro. I tried.
But his phone's switched off.
Hello?
Yes?
I'll let you know when I do.
- Sir…
- Alright.
I really need to pee. sir.
Please.
Use the one inside!
Hello. Yes?
Kicha.
it's me. Toby.
Where the hell are you. man?!
And whose number is this?
Hand me the phone.
Hang on.
The boss wants to talk to you.
Where are you?
I got caught by the police.
They don't know about it!
I've been arrested for chain snatching.
What?!
When did this happen?
A while ago.
What?! A while ago?
Did I send you out for that. you idiot?!
Boss. there was a girl at Ilango Medicals
near the park.
I pulled a knife on her
to get your medicine.
She gave it to me.
But then I threatened her again
to get her chain so I could
cover my household expenses.
That's when…
That's when she screamed.
A crowd gathered. caught me.
and called the police
for attempted chain snatching.
They didn't know about the medicine
and just assumed
I tried to snatch her chain.
- Have they filed a police report?
- Not yet.
The girl…
They called her in to file one.
But she said she'll come
with her father to do it.
- What's taking you so long?
- Sir. sir! I'll be out in a minute!
Well. hurry up!
I'm talking on
one of the constables' phones.
They're calling for me.
so don't call back.
What are you thinking about?
What if that girl tells the police
everything about the medicine.
including what it was being used for?
What if they figure out
that medicine is for me.
torture him.
and he gives them your name?
What will you do then?
I'll be in Dubai tomorrow.
so I'm safe.
You'll be the one in trouble.
Eighteen cops have been killed.
Those cops will go to any length
to hunt me down.
Why don't we finish Toby?
Going in and killing him
will only put us in deeper trouble.
We'll be screwed if we mess with them.
What do we do now?
Velu bro?
- Yes. Eli?
- Two cold beers. please.
- Starters?
- Are you fine with Chintamani?
Two plates of Chintamani Chicken
with extra pepper!
On it!
BROTHER KIRUBA.
- Hello?
- Eli. where are you?
I'm nearby. boss.
I need information
on this girl right away.
Give me ten minutes.
I'll have it for you.
- Velu bro?
- Yes?
Cancel my order.
What's wrong?
It's almost ready!
Her dad's a karate master!
I can't hear you.
Step away from the speaker.
Karate master!
What?
I didn't catch that.
Karate master!
Oh. he's a headmaster!
Yes. that's what
I was trying to say. idiot!
Alright. man. Got it.
NEELAVENI RESIDENCE
- Nila?
- Yeah?
No matter what Mom says.
keep your cool.
Put on a sad face.
Got it. boss.
There are four people in the family.
It's her. her parents.
and her uncle.
The uncle's out of town
and will be back in two days.
Her dad's a headmaster.
and her mom's a tailor.
All three of them are home right now.
Now's our chance to kill them!
- They seem like a boring family.
- Okay. hang up.
- Let's not risk it. Finish them off.
- You got it.
Also. arrange for four of our men
to surrender afterward.
saying it was over a rejected love affair.
- Sure. Let's go. boys.
- Get going.
All this for an old couple
and a helpless girl?
Five guys are more than enough.
Let's go.
A man pulled a knife on her.
and you expect her to stay calm?
She didn't need to stand still.
but going that far wasn't right.
And when they come for her.
what will you do?
How will we find her a groom
if we're shuttling between
police stations and cases?
Enough!
Go to them. drop the case.
- and be done with it.
- Fine. we'll do it.
Pretty packed neighborhood.
Let's be quick with it.
Yes. boss.
Ready. Nila?
In a minute. Dad.
Kill them.
Remember the guy from the medical shop?
Maybe they are his men.
Call the police immediately!
You want to snitch on us
for killing three men?
What if we tell them
they slipped and fell to their deaths?
They fell together?
I'll take the blame
and serve time. then.
Call them at once!
I'm sure he will snitch on us.
What do we do. Dad?
It's over…
Our family. our peace…
It's all gone to ruin!
I have an idea.
Let this be between us.
We'll bury them…
In that hole in the backyard.
What about him…
And the other two who are hiding?
Everybody!
Dear…
Anyone who comes after my daughter
won't leave alive.
I know how you do things
for her sake.
This is also for her.
The low-pressure system formed
over the Bay of Bengal is intensifying…
Hey. let's get them.
Isn't he a headmaster?
What are you looking for?
My wallet that was in my pocket.
Bro. was it a brown one?
- Yeah.
- It fell when you were on the phone.
I kept it here
thinking you'd be back.
Hey. I kept it here…
It was right here. man.
- Where is it now?
- It was right here…
Search. boys.
- Over there. too!
- I clearly remember leaving it there.
Where is it?
- Check under the chairs.
- Bro!
Is this it?
It was in your car.
- See. I knew it had to be around…
- Yes. that's the one.
Hey. that's my brother's.
Call Shiva right now.
Boss.
why is he so tense
about a missing wallet?
It isn't just a wallet.
It's a deal worth ten billion!
It'll be finalized in two days.
Using the 60 billion profit
it brings us.
ask the research team to pull up a list
of potential mining places to invest in.
- Okay. sir.
- Okay. sir!
Sixty billion!
Bro. no one's answering.
No one's answering?
Something's not right.
Abraham. it's not safe here.
Let's move.
And make sure that
the file is on my table by ten.
I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Good evening. sir.
Vincent!
Hi. sir.
Welcome. Sridhar.
They said you wanted to see me.
How can I help you. sir?
Last evening.
where were you. Sridhar?
I was at home. sir. Why?
- Is that so?
- Yes. sir.
I heard you met with Guru Ram.
the MD of VRS. last night.
Is that just a rumor?
It's a massive project. sir.
Varun's making a move on it.
The profit is around 70 billion.
Offer the Mining Minister a bigger cut.
and get him to hand it to you.
No. sir.
I didn't meet anyone.
Then who's this?
So you told him about the.
Keelakadu mining project and its value.
- Sir…
- Am I right?
Sir…
No. sir.
Sir. please.
I feel sorry for him.
You shouldn't have told him that.
Sir. please… forgive me. sir.
It won't happen again.
Please. sir.
Sir. please…
It won't happen again.
Sir. please.
If you knew how much this project
meant to me and the company.
you wouldn't have opened your mouth.
Sir. please.
Eli. that's as cold as it gets.
The chicken's nearly done.
I'll get it.
Make it quick. Velu bro.
- Yeah. bro.
- Hey. Eli.
something's wrong.
We haven't heard from
the guys we sent for the hit.
and no one's answering their phones.
Go check out that house.
Got it. brother.
- Velu bro. Cancel the beer.
- Yeah.
All this for an old couple
and a helpless girl?
Five guys are more than enough.
Let's go.
- Hey!
- Brother. be careful!
- Hey.
- Hey. what's wrong?
We've got a nail in the tire.
The house is only two blocks away.
There's no time.
Let's walk.
They must be waiting for us
at the police station. Dad.
If we get dragged into a legal fight.
we're the ones who'll pay for it.
As your mom said.
let's drop the case.
Let's go. Dad.
What time did I call him?
- Around eight.
- Eight o'clock.
They probably headed out
ten minutes later.
Another ten to reach
the spot where the tire blew.
If they went the rest of the way on foot.
another five minutes.
But there's no sign
of our guys at that house.
Thunder. wind. and heavy rain…
What do you make of it?
Confirmed.
Give me the phone.
Bro. our guys
never made it to the house.
What are you talking about?
Someone planted
a nail two blocks away.
blew their tire.
and grabbed them.
What do you mean?
Yes.
I checked the house.
If our guys had made it.
that family would be dead.
But they're just sitting there
watching a soap opera.
Something's wrong.
Hey. it's brother.
Yes. brother.
Give me a list of anyone who planned
a hit on Shiva in the last month.
What's wrong?
I'll fill you in later.
Just get me those names first.
Hold on a second.
- What?
- A cop came by looking for him.
Some idiot broke
into the go down and ran off
with the seized half kilo of marijuana.
I have to produce the seized material
in court on Monday morning.
A guy's brought some stuff
into Ayanavaram.
Tell him that I sent you.
He'll definitely help you.
- Alright. Give me his details.
- It's Shiva.
I'm here for Shiva.
He's out on a job.
Won't be back for an hour.
You can tell me what it's about.
I'll pass it along.
No. I'll come back later.
Just tell him SI Udhaya
from S1 Station stopped by.
- The cops came by?
- Yeah. brother.
Said he's from
the Perambur S1 Station.
but he didn't say what it was about.
- Where are you?
- I'm at Perambur S1 Station.
What if they torture him
and he gives them your name?
Those cops will go to any length
to hunt me down.
A cop came by looking for him.
Someone planted
a nail two blocks away.
blew their tire.
and grabbed them.
S1 Police Station.
Said he's from
the Perambur S1 Station.
Blew their tire
and grabbed them.
Those cops will go to any length
to hunt me down.
S1… Police Station.
Toby must've told the cops everything.
They got to my brother
just to get to you.
Brother?
Yeah. brother.
Sir.
Yes?
I need to see the inspector
about a permit. sir.
- Go meet the constable.
- Okay.
What a headache.
Go get their signature.
Then I'll tell you what to do next.
Hey!
What do you want?
Sir. I'm here to see the inspector
about a banner permit.
You can't see him today.
Come back tomorrow.
Okay. sir.
Hello. sir.
Your brother and our guys
aren't at the station.
I think they're holding them
somewhere else.
They moved them
since it's not safe at the station.
Bro. they're one step ahead of us.
We have to find out
where they're holding him.
Do you take us for fools?
We're supposed
to arrest them on your word
and then drop the charges
when you change your mind?
It's because people like you
are so easily intimidated
that guys like him
keep getting away with this.
POLICE CLERK
Why are you acting like a coward?
Sir. I have a daughter.
My wife's terrified of getting involved
with people like this.
At the end of the day.
my family comes first. sir.
Let's drop the case.
I'm scared too.
You heard him.
Get a statement confirming that
it was their decision to drop the case.
Okay. sir.
This one…
Charge him with
public nuisance under Section 75
- and send him in for a 15-day remand.
- Okay. sir.
You'd better come in
and sign it. Understand?
Wait.
Inform the inspector first.
Okay. sir.
What's your name?
Nila.
Hey. come here.
Tell me your name.
Toby.
Sign here.
Sir.
Sir. it's a chain-snatching case.
but they want to drop the charges...
Hello.
- Where are you keeping my brother?
- Who the hell is this?
I'm the brother
of the man you took.
And who exactly is that?
My brother!
Look. I'm already on edge.
You've got the wrong guy.
Just hang up.
I know you grabbed my brother
and five others
to find the guy who escaped
from your custody at the hospital.
Torture them all you want.
but they won't break.
But your son isn't as tough as they are.
One twist of a screwdriver
and he's screaming for his life.
I sent you a video on WhatsApp.
Watch it and get back to me.
Brother. no!
Please. don't!
- Let me go! Please!
- Hari! No!
- I'm scared! Please. brother.
- Please. sir! Please!
Brother. no!
- No!
- It's going to hurt.
- Please. sir!
- Tell him to stop! Please. brother!
It's going to hurt! Please!
- Hari.
- It hurts. brother!
So you don't have my brother?
I'm telling you the truth.
I don't have him!
You saw the screwdriver
in your kid's hand.
You still care more about your badge?
- Idiot.
- You fool!
Don't you get it?
You've got the wrong man!
Hey. enough with the act.
I know you've got Toby in custody.
and he's already talked.
Toby? In my custody?
ACCUSED NAME: TOBY
AGE: 36
Listen carefully.
My men are waiting
by the Ennore Lighthouse.
You have exactly one hour.
Bring my brother
and the other five there.
If you don't. that screwdriver's
going through your wife's
and son's heads in the next video.
I'm telling you. I don't have...
Head to our spot.
- Where's this Toby?
- He's right outside. sir.
Sir! Please. sir!
-You're going to answer.
-Sir…
All my questions now.
I'll talk! I'll tell you everything!
I know you grabbed my brother
and five others
to find the guy who escaped
from your custody…
Whose voice is this?
It's Kirubakaran's voice.
- Who is he?
- A gangster out of Perambur. sir.
- What's his brother's name?
- Shiva.
- Where is he?
- I don't know. sir!
- You expect me to believe that? Do you?
- I'm telling the truth!
I swear to God!
- Sir. sir! Stop!
Sir.
What's going on?
Someone snatched his brother
and five of his men.
He thinks I did it.
so he took my wife and son!
He says if I don't release his brother.
he's going to kill them!
Ahmed. Suresh. Gopi. and Muthu.
go track down Kirubakaran.
- Okay. sir.
Kannan. Pachamuthu. Bala. and Vinoth.
get Shiva's number
and track his location.
- Okay. sir.
You guys leave. We've got
something else to deal with.
I've guaranteed the funds
will hit the account
the minister specified by tomorrow.
There's a snag
with the private jet's landing.
so I'm sending my manager to Dubai
on a commercial flight instead.
My manager's coming to see you.
Give him the hundred-rupee note.
He'll handle things in Dubai.
Alright. send him over.
Hello. tell me.
Sir. Shiva's phone
has been off for the past hour.
The last ping we got
was near Perambur Periyar Bridge.
- We're heading there now.
- Keep me posted.
Okay. sir.
Why didn't you just tell Varun
you don't have the hundred-rupee note?
You want me to tell him
that your brother grabbed
the wrong wallet and went missing?
You think he'll buy that?
He'll think you're playing games
over a billion dollars and take you out.
Is that what you want?
He might think I'm in on it. too.
Have one of our guys keep a close eye
on the inspector's every move.
Okay. bro.
Hello. who's this?
This is Manimaaran.
Commissioner of Trichy.
Yes. sir?
You faxed a photo of a person
and requested his details.
Yes. sir.
We sent it across all stations.
Why did you ask for his details?
How do you know him. sir?
Eight years ago.
I was put in a special team
to nab a criminal named Abraham.
Unfortunately.
I had to leave the team
after an accident.
If that accident hadn't happened
and I'd stayed with the team.
I wouldn't be talking to you today.
He's the most wanted
underground criminal.
He comes out
only for important assignments.
No one knows where he is at other times.
He operates alone without a team.
We found it difficult to trace him
because hardly anyone had seen him.
except for a select few.
His name is all that anyone knows.
Call me if anything goes wrong.
- Pass me the car key.
- Where are you off to?
That 100-rupee note must get here
before Varun's manager arrives.
See what you can do to find out
about your brother.
I'll do my best from my side.
Don't go alone.
Take my guys with you.
No need.
I'll take care of it.
Because he was involved in several
high-profile murders.
senior officials immediately ordered
an operation to take him down.
So. at that time.
they selected the state's top 15
encounter specialist officers
for the mission.
A tip revealed
that he was planning to kill
a prominent businessman at a luxury hotel.
The team decided to confront him there.
A total of 16 people died
in the operation.
Fifteen of them were people
who had gone there to kill him.
The last one was the man he came to kill.
Please don't!
After that incident.
everyone feared for their lives
and avoided the case.
Since then. he has remained inactive
for several years.
No information about him
surfaced after that.
Now that he's back.
something big is about to happen.
Because of our mistake.
innocent lives are paying the price.
We need to act to prevent this.
We must first find out where they are.
How do we find that out. Dad?
The guy who learned karate
and is now a cop…
What's his name?
Gautham. Dad.
Gautham. I need to tell you something.
Go ahead. Master.
I'll tell you in person.
Udhaya…
- Sir.
- Have the people at the scene reported in?
They're checking near the bridge.
but there's no evidence yet.
Where is Muthukumar?
I don't see him around.
He got a call that his father was sick.
so he went home.
Trust me.
His brother isn't with us.
So. Toby…
Really didn't tell you anything?
No.
He didn't tell us anything.
That karate master's daughter
withdrew the case.
You mean…
What did you say?
- The karate master's daughter?
- Yes.
That's why Toby couldn't do
anything to her.
I swear. I'm telling the truth.
He's not with us.
Trust me.
I believe you.
You're telling the truth.
Wait. I'll go.
Who are you?
What do you want?
What did you do to those
six people who came to kill you?
He's part of their group. Mom.
He'd know where
the inspector's wife and son are.
In the joint attack by America and Israel.
Iran's Supreme Leader.
Ali Khamenei. was killed.
as confirmed by news sources.
- Yeah. tell me?
- Rajaram.
why's your TV so loud?
Turn the volume down.
Dear…
Sir. I've pulled up a list of places
that will profit us in the long run
in the Keelakadu project.
If we invest in
and operate our mining sites.
we'll become India's leading
mineral supplier within ten years.
That sounds good!
Buddy. stop!
- What?
- We can get booze here.
- Over here?
- Yeah!
Dude!
Hey!
The number you're trying
to call is currently not reachable.
Hey!
Where is the inspector's family?
Tell me.
Answer me.
Answer me!
- Yeah. tell me.
- Bro.
I feel something's off.
- What's the matter?
- I just met with my informant.
Her dad's a karate master.
not a headmaster.
- Where are you going with this?
- His daughter is like him. it seems.
I was wondering if
they did something to our men.
I hope not. but.
I know they're not to be messed with.
So. my brother…
Check where the officer's family is.
They're inside. all tied up. Dad.
Looks like we don't need him.
You think it's game over
once you kill me and rescue them?
Of course.
Sir. everyone's here.
Should we start?
Yes. let's party!
Who's he?
I told you it isn't game over yet.
There's another guy.
more powerful than us.
He works for him.
You have something that interests him.
And he'll hunt you down until he gets it.
What is that. exactly?
All this over a 100-rupee note?
I'm not falling for this crap.
Don't believe me. fine.
Ask him. and he'll say the same.
Hey!
What's so special about that note?
But this Black Opal
is far more valuable.
Its current market worth
is more than 70 billion.
When we drill below 1.500 feet…
Transfer ten billion
into my trust as legitimate funds.
We'll get that amount
only if we give the 100-rupee note.
Ask your uncle to verify his statement.
Uncle?
Yes. dear.
As you said. there's a purse.
We took it out.
and there's a 100-rupee note in it.
Dad. the note's in there.
More than anything else.
my life is important to me.
If I'm going to stay alive.
that 100-rupee note has to reach him.
So just give me the note.
and this all ends here.
But if you kill me before that.
he will hunt you down for it.
He'll destroy your family.
Remember that.
Our family. our peace…
It's all gone to ruin!
He will hunt you down for it.
He'll destroy your family.
- Nila…
- Yes?
I feel we'll be in trouble
if we don't give him that note.
What do we do?
You tell me.
Just hand over the note.
That's it.
So the villagers' lives
mean nothing to you?
You're overthinking it now.
Why do you care?
They have nothing to do with you.
Don't lose your life
trying to save theirs.
Well. you're right.
They have nothing to do with us.
But there's something you must know.
Remember those two we tried to save?
You think we knew them beforehand?
If we can put in so much effort
to save their lives.
then think…
We planted our lives in this soil
And laid our loved ones to rest here.
Every leaf and every vine
Belongs to us like blood and kin.
Here we found our lives
And here we lost our people too.
These hills and these lands
Are the Gods we pray to.
The greatness of this land runs deep.
And we live by its will.
This land is the God we worship.
And this wind is the mother
That holds us close.
Don't do it!
Hey. make him stop!
My daughter's made up her mind.
Once it's done. it's done.
Goodbye!
Hello. Control Room.
It's okay.
We're fine. We're okay.
Everything's fine.
Poor Harish…
Reports indicate that
one of the nine deceased
is Ravikanthan. the manager of prominent
businessman Varun Dayalan.
This development has sent shock waves
through the business community.
Forensics experts and…
Release a statement saying he has been
away for a week due to personal reasons.
The bodies have been sent to the
government hospital for postmortem.
The motives behind the murder…
You said it was coming.
but there's nothing.
Funny how your name
shows up everywhere.
What's really going on?
There's been a minor issue.
The money I sent
is held up somewhere.
I've sent my men to check on it.
Give me some time.
I'll make sure it reaches you
safe and sound.
Why do I feel like you're trying
to rope me into trouble?
I'll ensure nothing troubles you.
A day's time is all I need.
- I'll fix this mess.
- Alright. you got it.
And if it doesn't reach me by then.
I'll have to call off the deal
we discussed.
- Purushothaman?
- Yes. sir?
Got anything?
Something?
Not yet. sir.
Our men are still on the lookout.
The sooner we get it. the better.
- Keep me posted every 15 minutes.
- Yes. sir.
It must be the same gang
that kidnapped Kirubakaran's brother.
Find out if Kirubakaran
had issues with anyone.
especially people
who might've wanted him dead.
Review all the CCTV footage
covering the incident area.
Investigate every person
who passed by that place.
- Okay?
- Yes. sir!
I need to review your CCTV footage
for a case.
But your officers already
came in the morning for it.
- Our officers?
- Yes. sir.
I'm not lying.
Their IDs looked real.
so we gave it to them.
Hey. did you send our men out
on rounds this morning?
No. sir. I didn't.
It wasn't our men who got the footage.
But someone else.
Here's the CCTV footage
from around the place. sir.
This is the only way
you can enter that street.
And they should've taken
this way out.
Sir. a group of men showed fake IDs
and got CCTV footage
from the surrounding area.
This seems like the killer's attempt
to cover their tracks.
Got the reports. sir.
No one else's fingerprints were present
except the deceased's.
It's you.
- What's up?
- Boss asked you to settle the bill.
It isn't settled yet?
It's nothing.
My uncle is right here praying.
Anyway. forget that.
Today at the office…
We've killed and buried six people
in the last eight hours.
I'm going crazy thinking about…
What's going to happen next.
I'm scared for my family.
What do we have to do
to be at peace and end it all?
Sir. very few people live there.
In the three hours before the incident.
only two scooters
and four motorcycles passed by.
We have one more to kill…
To end this game.
We can't do anything…
Until he's dead.
You think you can escape
that easily?
We'll be caught like mice.
Things will worsen
if we do nothing about it.
We have no ties to him.
No one would even suspect
that we killed him.
Only catch?
We must do it…
While covering our tracks.
I thought it through.
and you're right.
Let's end him.
What do we do with him. though?
It can't be them.
Bring everyone in except those two.
It wasn't me.
But I saw who did it.
You did?
Yes. sir.
The police are already after me
for an illicit liquor case.
I thought I'd hide somewhere
no one would come.
So I went there.
That's when I heard
a strange noise
from a building nearby.
Will you recognize them?
Sir. sir. sir…
Yes. boss.
Send in everyone you can round up.
You have one hour.
I want that 100-rupee note.
NEELAVENI RESIDENCE
Sir. the accountant's here to see you.
Let him through.
We'll be in trouble if any of them dies.
So. don't kill anyone.
No one is leaving here alive.
Who are you?
What did I ever do to you?!
We'll get that amount
only if we give the 100-rupee note.
Just hand over the note.
What do we do?
Tell us. dear.
Let's…
Burn that note.
This is what we'll do.
You don't have to know the victim
to stand up for them.
Every injustice must be confronted!
That's when our lives gain meaning.
Die. you sewer rat!
Sir. I reviewed the CCTV footage
we recovered.
Varun's men got to it before ours did.
And I strongly believe
he's somehow connected to this.
What?
- Varun?
- Yes. sir.
Kirubakaran must have
killed Varun's manager.
So. Varun may have taken revenge
by killing Kirubakaran.
He must have removed the
CCTV footage to destroy the evidence.
We'll only get answers
once we take him into custody.
Yes. sir.
Hello?
What did you say?
Varun's dead?!
Here's the latest.
Three months later.
the murders of Varun Dayalan
and his men remain unsolved.
continuing to shock the public.
Police investigations
into his business rivals
have produced no useful leads.
There are reports that the case
is being transferred to the CBI…
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-